An Associate Cloud Engineer deploys and secures applications and infrastructure, monitors operations of multiple projects and maintains enterprise solutions to ensure that they meet target performance metrics.
This individual has experience working with public clouds and on-premises solutions.
They are able to use Google Cloud Console and the command line interface to perform common platform based tasks to maintain and scale one or more deployed solutions that leverage Google-managed or self-managed services on Google Cloud.

Cloud Engineer at Cymbal Superstore, a fictional company that is preparing to migrate some of its on-premises applications to Google Cloud.
Cymbal Superstore is experiencing several challenges common to legacy retailers.
Customers increasingly expect a seamless online offline experience when they shop, making the Cymbal Superstore e-commerce application vital.
Cymbal Superstore logistics wants to use data to more efficiently oversee transportation.

Cymbal Superstore operations has been grappling with how to update their supply chain strategy to meet customer demand in a timely, efficient way.
To meet these challenges, Cymbal Superstore plans to migrate their existing e-commerce, supply chain and transportation management applications to Google Cloud.
As an Associate Cloud Engineer at Cymbal Superstore, your role involves helping set up the cloud environment.

You're also involved in planning, configuring and managing the cloud solutions.
This requires you to be familiar with variety of compute, storage and networking resources in Google Cloud.
You also need a solid understanding of Google recommended practices for configuring access to cloud resources.
